New telemetry docs (#4129)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/conditions.mdx

---
title: Conditions
subtitle: Set conditions for when events or instruments are triggered
description: 
---

> Conditions set or restrict when an [instrument](./instruments) is mutated or an [event](./events) is triggered.

Reviewer: That sentence doesn't make sense to me. It's the word "restrict". Should that be "restricted" or something else?

Reviewer 2: rewording to just "Conditions set when an instrument ..."

```yaml
all:
  - eq:
      - "val1"
      - request_header: x-req-header1
  - eq:
      - "val2"
      - request_header: x-req-header2
```

#### `any`

The `any` condition is a list of conditions of which at least one must be true for the condition to be true.

For example, the following `any` condition has a list of `eq` conditions that check the values of `x-req-header1` and `x-req-header2`, and at least one of the `eq` conditions must be true in order for the `all` condition to be true:

```yaml
any:
  - eq:
      - "val2"
      - request_header: x-req-header1
  - eq:
      - "val2"
      - request_header: x-req-header2
```

### Configuration reference

| Selector | Description                                              |
|----------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| `all`    | A list of conditions that must all be true.              |
| `any`    | A list of conditions of which at least one must be true. |
| `eq`     | An equality test between selectors or values.            |

> | `not`    | The nested condition must not be true.                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `not`    | A negated equality test between selectors or values.                   |
```

---
title: Conditions
subtitle: Set conditions for when events or instruments are triggered
description: 
---

<EnterpriseFeature />

> Conditions set when an [instrument](./instruments) is mutated or an [event](./events) is triggered.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can set conditions for when an [instrument](./instruments) should be mutated or an [event](./events) should be triggered.
```

For example, the following condition checks the value of `x-req-header` is _not_ equal to `val1`:

```yaml
not:
  eq:
    - "val1"
    - request_header: x-req-header2
```

#### `all`

The `all` condition is a list of conditions that all must be true in order for the condition to be true.

For example, the following `all` condition has a list of `eq` conditions that check the values of `x-req-header1` and `x-req-header2`, and both `eq` conditions must be true in order for the `all` condition to be true:

```yaml
all:
  - eq:
      - "val1"
      - request_header: x-req-header1
  - eq:
      - "val2"
      - request_header: x-req-header2
```

#### `any`

The `any` condition is a list of conditions of which at least one must be true for the condition to be true.

For example, the following `any` condition has a list of `eq` conditions that check the values of `x-req-header1` and `x-req-header2`, and at least one of the `eq` conditions must be true in order for the `all` condition to be true:

```yaml
any:
  - eq:
      - "val2"
      - request_header: x-req-header1
  - eq:
      - "val2"
      - request_header: x-req-header2
```

> ### Configuration reference

Reviewer 3: I would replace lines 35 - 38 with this table to give more information upfront and remove it from the end.
